Please step carefully onto the moving platform, then step into the car.
For your safety, remain seated at all times.
Keep your hands, arms, feet, legs, and other appendages inside your car.
This is the TTA blue line, nonstop service around Tomorrowland.
Greetings intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the PeopleMover, presented by Enterprise.
I am ORAC-5, your guide aboard this highway in the sky.
The absolute best way to see Tomorrowland.
And my stars is there ever a lot to see.
From spacecraft to monster laughs there's really nothing like today in Tomorrowland.
For your safety if you have wings, jet packs or gravity polarizers please do not take flight while on board. Thank you.
The next station is- Tomorrowland Urban Planning and Star Traders Transfer to Green and Red Lines.
Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling towards the future. Right by two of my favorite spots.
First up, Progress City, Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community of tomorrow.
Did you know Progress City inspired EPCOT, and a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World.
Look, there's even a tiny PeopleMover- I wonder if there's a tiny ORAC.
On your right is Star Traders, home to the greatest goods in the galaxy.
Except the actual stars, those are no longer sold.
Now approaching, Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron Lightcycle Run.
I love a good circuit and these are two of the best tracks in the cosmos for a bit of light, speedy, competition.
Attention all visitors from galaxy M-31 please keep forward facing tentacles clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you.
This is Starport 75, or as we locals call it, Space Mountain---
our highspeed rocket port to distant deep space destinations.
Let relaxation wash over you at the most refreshing retreat in the galaxy, the Coral Wounds of Pisces 7. You H2-owed it to yourself. Book today!
Paging Mr. Morrow, Mr. Tom Morrow. Please contact Mr. Johnson in the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you!
Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep forward facing tentacles clear of coming vehicles. Thank you!
To your right is the Astro Orbiter, our celestial symbol of interplanetary harmony and fellowship.
Hop aboard and launch high above Tomorrowland for a spin amongst the planets.
The next station is Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress.
As usual we will keep moving ahead and so does the carousel.
Like progress itself this theater never stops,
aspiring new generations to dream of a great big beautiful tomorrow.
Calling all space rangers. Report to your star cruiser and join me on this daring space mission—
against the evil Emperor Zurg!
Affirmative! We are on it, Buzz. You can count on us.
Now approaching Monsters Incorporated Laugh Floor.
Mike Wazowski has brought in some real monsters for comedy, whether you have one eye or nine,
take the time to see the show.
Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority station.
My fellow sentient life forms, our PeopleMover journey has nearly come full orbit.
Thanks for riding with us. It has been a pleasure to have you aboard and even though we are concluded.
This is always my favorite part.
Cause now it is the time. Now is the best time to go out explore tomorrow today. See you in the future.
