This is Spaceship Earth Control. On behalf of Siemens, welcome aboard!
On the map in front of you, please show us where you’re from while we input your time-travel coordinates.
Now locate the monitor overhead to the right, make sure your face is visible, and wait for the flash!
Good, sending photo to the future!
All systems are go, linking you now to your guide.
Like a grand and miraculous spaceship, our planet has sailed through the universe of time;
and for a brief moment we have been among its passengers.
But where are we going? And what kind of future will we discover there?
Surprisingly, the answers lie in our past.
Since the dawn of recorded history, we've been inventing the future one step at a time.
So let's travel back in time together.
I'll show you how our ancestors created the world we know today, and then it will be your turn to create the world of tomorrow.
Here in this hostile world is where our story begins.
We are alone, struggling to survive until we learn to communicate with one another.
Now we can hunt as a team and survive together.
It takes 15,000 years to come up with the next bright idea, recording our knowledge on cave walls.
There was only one problem, when we moved, the recorded knowledge stayed behind.
Now let's move ahead to Ancient Egypt because something is about to happen here that will change the future forever.
This unknown Egyptian pounding reeds flat is inventing Papyrus, a sort of paper.
Papyrus in turn creates better record keeping of plans, designs, and unfortunately taxes.
But it also brings with it, the dawn of great civilizations.
At this point each civilization has its own a form of writing, which none of the others can understand.
But the Phoenicians, who trade with all of them, have a solution.
They create a simple, common alphabet, adaptable to most languages.
Remember how easy it was to learn your ABCs? Thank the Phoenicians, they invented them.
The ancient Greeks were great inventors of the future.
First they established public schools, and then begin teaching an intriguing new subject called mathematics.
And with math comes mechanical technology and the birth of a high tech life we enjoy today.
With lessons learned from the Greeks, the Romans create a powerful empire.
To move their armies around, they build a system of roads all over the known world.
Rome built the first World Wide Web, and it's leading us into the future.
But then we hit a road block: Rome falls, and the great Library of Alexandria in Egypt is burned.
Much of our learning is destroyed... lost forever... or so we think.
It turns out there were copies of some of these books in the libraries of the Middle East, being watched over by Arab and Jewish scholars.
Call it, the first backup system. The books are saved, and with them: our dreams of the future.
In the meantime, here in Europe monks toil endlessly recording these books by hand, but that is about to change.
In 1450, Gutenberg invents the movable type printing press.
Now, knowledge can travel as fast as these new books, and travel they do!
Books make it easier to invent the future in every field, and the result is an incredible explosion of innovation we call the Renaissance.
By now, we're all communicating from anywhere on Earth, and in 1969, from somewhere else...
That's one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind.
To send a man to the moon, we had to invent a new language, spoken not by man, but by computers.
At first very large, very expensive computers, but we see the potential.
What if everyone could have one of these amazing machines in their own house?
There's just one problem: They're as big as a house.
The solution comes in of all places, a garage in California.
Young people with a passion for shaping the future put the power of the computer in everyone's hands.
After 30,000 years of time travel, here we are.
A truly global community, poised to shape the future of this, our Spaceship Earth.
Let's have some fun creating the future, shall we?
On your computer screen, answer a few questions for us.
Then, we'll show you a new world, custom made, just for you! Ready?
Well done! Now along with your answers, let's add in some amazing new technology that we happen to know about.
And now I believe your future is just about ready. Let's take a look, shall we?
Welcome to the future! ...Or should I say, YOUR future?
Here in your future, getting away on vacation is a breeze! Your smart suitcase knows where you're going, and what you'll need.
And with solar power from your home fueling station, you're off!
You won't have to worry about your pets while you are gone, thanks to handy household robots!
You'll leave your city home in an ultra-light, ultra-powerful, totally-networked family car--that can take you anywhere!
You've already planned the trip with your virtual travel agent. Hotels...check! Restaurants? Check! Guided tours...check!
Getting there is half the fun, so your family car will be equipped with virtual tools to teach you about the world outside your window!
You'll travel quickly and safely to places you can't imagine visiting today.
And the moment you arrive at your ultimate vacation destination, you can dive right in...to the future!
The end...or should I say, the beginning? Of your future!
So here’s to the next 30,000 years on Spaceship Earth.
While no one knows for sure what we’ll see or do, I do know it will be quite an adventure—an adventure that we’ll take and make together.
See you in the future!
